If you're dealing with an individual who you feels a suicide risk and
you know that they have access to items like guns or other dangerous
materials is ask them if they're willing to, you know, turn that kind
of, ah object or those things over. There's policies in place now
that your command has your commanding officer is able to take custody
of those type of weapons to hold onto them for a brief point of time
so that individual is safe and they feel safe if they're willing
to do that than ask him for it, other than that kind of continue to
talk with that individual and find out, you know, if they're planning
on hurting themselves and then get them the support that they need.